Welcome back.
Here's another exercise for you.
And here's a hint there's actually two ways of solving this problem.
So let's see if we can find both solutions.
And I'm using this question because it has to be one of the most commonly asked interview questions
for JavaScript developers.
So hopefully you're able to understand it.
I have an array here and also a loop over this array so we're just looping over the array and we're
running a set time out.
So we're calling that web API and we have a callback function right here that will be called in three
seconds that will console log I am at index of my SO if I click Run here what's going to happen.
Well let's find out when I click Run.
I'm waiting for set time out and it's back.
I am at index 4 for 4 for is that what you expected.
If there wasn't.
Look at the function carefully and see if we can fix this so that I logs 1 2 3 4 and I'll see in the
solution video.